[improve][doc] Add doc of reader config to `pulsar-io-debezium` (#16891)
apache/pulsar: site2/docs/io-debezium-source.md

| `mongodb.password` | true | null | Password to be used when connecting to MongoDB. This is required only when MongoDB is configured to use authentication. |
| `mongodb.task.id` | true | null | The taskId of the MongoDB connector that attempts to use a separate task for each replica set. |

### Customize the Reader config for the metadata topics

> The Debezium Connector exposes `database.history.pulsar.reader.config` and `offset.storage.reader.config` to configure the reader of database schema history topic and the kafka connector offsets topic. For example, it can be used to configure the subscription name and other reader configurations. The available configuration can be found at [ReaderConfigurationData](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/blob/master/pulsar-client/src/main/java/org/apache/pulsar/client/impl/conf/ReaderConfigurationData.java).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Debezium Connector exposes `database.history.pulsar.reader.config` and `offset.storage.reader.config` to configure the reader of database schema history topic and the Kafka connector offsets topic. For example, it can be used to configure the subscription name and other reader configurations. You can find the available configurations at [ReaderConfigurationData](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/blob/master/pulsar-client/src/main/java/org/apache/pulsar/client/impl/conf/ReaderConfigurationData.java).
```

> For example, to configure the subscription name for both Reader, you can add the following configuration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, to configure the subscription name for both Readers, you can add the following configuration:
```
